Dot release docs (#5458)
mattermost/docs: source/install/self-managed-changelog.md

## Release v6.4 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/release-definitions.html#feature-release)

- **v6.4.2, released 2022-03-10**

>   - Mattermost v6.4.2 contains medium severity level security fixes. [Upgrading](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/upgrade.html) to this release is recommended. Details will be posted on our [security updates page](https://mattermost.com/security-updates/) 30 days after release as per the [Mattermost Responsible Disclosure Policy](https://mattermost.org/responsible-disclosure-policy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Mattermost v6.4.2 contains medium severity level security fixes. [Upgrading](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/upgrading-mattermost-server.html) to this release is recommended. Details will be posted on our [security updates page](https://mattermost.com/security-updates/) 30 days after release as per the [Mattermost Responsible Disclosure Policy](https://mattermost.com/security-vulnerability-report/).
```

Reviewer: @amyblais - Would it be possible to update any internal templates we have that includes links to legacy domains, please? Redirects are in place; however, it would be ideal for us provide users with the latest URLs across our docs assets.

Reviewer: Thanks, @amyblais!! Let me know if you need any of the latest URLs.

## Release v6.3 - [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/release-definitions.html#extended-support-release-esr)

- **v6.3.5, released 2022-03-10**

>   - Mattermost v6.3.5 contains medium severity level security fixes. [Upgrading](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/upgrade.html) to this release is recommended. Details will be posted on our [security updates page](https://mattermost.com/security-updates/) 30 days after release as per the [Mattermost Responsible Disclosure Policy](https://mattermost.org/responsible-disclosure-policy/).

Reviewer: Same URL request as above.

## Release v6.2 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/release-definitions.html)

- **v6.2.5, released 2022-03-10**

>   - Mattermost v6.2.5 contains medium severity level security fixes. [Upgrading](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/upgrade.html) to this release is recommended. Details will be posted on our [security updates page](https://mattermost.com/security-updates/) 30 days after release as per the [Mattermost Responsible Disclosure Policy](https://mattermost.org/responsible-disclosure-policy/).

Reviewer: Same URL request as above.

## Release v5.37 - [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html)

- **v5.37.9, released 2022-03-10**

>   - Mattermost v5.37.9 contains medium severity level security fixes. [Upgrading](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/upgrade.html) to this release is recommended. Details will be posted on our [security updates page](https://mattermost.com/security-updates/) 30 days after release as per the [Mattermost Responsible Disclosure Policy](https://mattermost.org/responsible-disclosure-policy/).

Reviewer: Same URL request as above.
